[BLOG] Add uarray-gsoc-participation (#532)
Quansight/Quansight-website: apps/labs/posts/uarray-gsoc-participation.md

---
title: 'uarray: GSoC Participation'
published: March 12, 2020

> description: 'We're quite excited by the number of students who have shown an interest in participating, and we look forward to seeing excellent applications! What's more exciting, though, are some of the first contributions from people not currently at Quansight, in the true spirit of open-source software!'

Author: ```suggestion
description: "We're quite excited by the number of students who have shown an interest in participating, and we look forward to seeing excellent applications! What's more exciting, though, are some of the first contributions from people not currently at Quansight, in the true spirit of open-source software!"
```
